chore(docs): update docs for testnet 10 (#4591)
unionlabs/union: docs/src/content/docs/joining-testnet/faq.mdx

### How can I become a validator?

> The Union testnet is fully permissioned. We are not actively seeking new validators at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Union testnet validator set is currently proof-of-authority, mirroring the mainnet configuration. We are not actively seeking new validators at this time.
```
